Of course when you're working with Flutter or when you're building mobile apps for mobile devices, you
often want to tap into certain native device features, so certain features that you can use because
your program, your app is running on a native device, features that might not be available when you're
building a web app that runs on desktop browsers as well for example. I'm talking about things like using
the device camera, storing data on the device in cases where you don't want or can't use a web storage
or where you want to store some data on the device
in addition to storing it in the web and of course, I'm also talking about things like adding maps or
working with the user location.
Therefore in this section, I'll explain to you how you generally tap into these native device features,
how Flutter enables you to use these native device features and then we'll have a look at some of the
most common things you typically do with the native device.
We'll have a look at how to take pictures with the camera,
we'll explore how you may store files and data on the device, so not on a web server but on the device
and we'll also have a look at how to integrate Google Maps and how to work with the user location in
your app and for all of that, we'll again build yet another example application which utilizes all these
features
and we'll have a look at how all of that works and how you might use these features in your next applications.